Add docs for `azure.cost.discounted.ondemand` metric (#20615)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/cloud_cost_management/azure.md

| -------------------- | --------------------- |
| `azure.cost.amortized` | Cost based on applied discount rates plus the distribution of pre-payments across usage for the discount term (accrual basis).|
| `azure.cost.actual` | Cost shown as the amount charged at the time of usage (cash basis). Actual costs include private discounts as well as discounts from reserved instances and savings plans as separate charge types.|

> | `azure.cost.discounted.ondemand` | Cost based on the list rate provided by Azure, after privately negotiated discounts. To get the true ondemand cost, divide this metric by (1 - negotiated_discount). For example if you have a 5% flat rate discount across all Azure products, taking this metric and dividing by .95 (1-.05) gives you your true on demand price.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `azure.cost.discounted.ondemand` | Cost based on the list rate provided by Azure, after privately negotiated discounts. To get the true on-demand cost, divide this metric by (1 - <negotiated_discount>). For example if you have a 5% flat rate discount across all Azure products, taking this metric and dividing by .95 (1-.05) provides the true on-demand price.|
```
